README.adoc, before:

Read raw HTML source code from file
and parse chapter beginning time and chapter name in an ffmpeg chapter metadata format according to

https://ikyle.me/blog/2020/add-mp4-chapters-ffmpeg
and

https://topic.alibabacloud.com/a/ffmpegs-understanding-about-timebase_8_8_10257510.html +
(search for "II: What is the timebase in FFmpeg")

Merge output of the base metadata

 ffmpeg -i 01-1-Go_Deep_-_Group_Lesson.mp4 -f ffmetadata 01-1-Go_Deep_-_Group_Lesson-metadata.txt

With the output of this program for the corresponding video

Example of a chapter file

....
   [CHAPTER]
   TIMEBASE=1/1
   START=39
   END=262
   title=Crew Introduction

   [CHAPTER]
   TIMEBASE=1/1
   START=262
   END=1299
   title=Yoga and Stretches

   [CHAPTER]
   ...
....

## Chapter metadata integration

....
# Run chapter extraction
/home/laptop/git/kyberdrb/chapter_parser/cmake-build-debug/chapter_data_extractor


# generate current metadata for the video
ffmpeg -i 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4 -f ffmetadata 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4.metadata

# generate new metadata by appending chapter metadata to current metadata
cat 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4.metadata /home/laptop/git/kyberdrb/chapter_parser/cmake-build-debug/05-Endurance.chapter_timestamps | head --lines=-1 > 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4.metadata_with_chapters

# overwrite current metadata of the video with the new metadata
ffmpeg -i 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4 -i 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4.metadata_with_chapters -map_metadata 1 -codec copy 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class_-_with_chapters.mp4
....

Commit message:

Fix last chapter END time + Extract function for character replacement in string

README.adoc, after:

Read raw HTML source code from file
and parse chapter beginning time and chapter name in an ffmpeg chapter metadata format according to

https://ikyle.me/blog/2020/add-mp4-chapters-ffmpeg
and

https://topic.alibabacloud.com/a/ffmpegs-understanding-about-timebase_8_8_10257510.html +
(search for "II: What is the timebase in FFmpeg")

Merge output of the base metadata

 ffmpeg -i 01-1-Go_Deep_-_Group_Lesson.mp4 -f ffmetadata 01-1-Go_Deep_-_Group_Lesson-metadata.txt

With the output of this program for the corresponding video

Example of a chapter file

....
   [CHAPTER]
   TIMEBASE=1/1
   START=39
   END=262
   title=Crew Introduction

   [CHAPTER]
   TIMEBASE=1/1
   START=262
   END=1299
   title=Yoga and Stretches

   [CHAPTER]
   ...
....

## Chapter metadata integration

- Semi-automatically

. Edit `./utils/integrate_chapters_to_group_session_semiautomatically.sh` with the file name of the video including the extension and the chapter metadata filename generated from this app
. From inside the Group_session directory

- Manually

....
# Run chapter extraction
/home/laptop/git/kyberdrb/chapter_parser/cmake-build-debug/chapter_data_extractor


# generate current metadata for the video
ffmpeg -i 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4 -f ffmetadata 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4.metadata

# generate new metadata by appending chapter metadata to current metadata
cat 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4.metadata /home/laptop/git/kyberdrb/chapter_parser/cmake-build-debug/05-Endurance.chapter_timestamps | head --lines=-1 > 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4.metadata_with_chapters

# overwrite current metadata of the video with the new metadata
ffmpeg -i 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4 -i 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class.mp4.metadata_with_chapters -map_metadata 1 -codec copy 05-1-Endurance_-_Group_Class_-_with_chapters.mp4
....
